IBX-812: Updated Back Office components (#1577)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/extending/reusable_back_office_templates.md

The available templates are:

- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/alert.html.twig`
- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/table.html.twig`
- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/tab/tabs.html.twig`

To use the components, [`embed`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/embed.html) them in templates.
With `embed` you can override blocks that are defined inside the included template.

## Alerts

The alert component has the following properties:

- `type` - available types of alert: error, info, success and warning

> - `icon_path` - overrides the path to the default icons set, can be modified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `icon` - name of the icon, which will be taken from the default icon set
- `icon_path` - full icon path, in case you do not want to use an icon from the default icon set
```

The available templates are:

- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/alert.html.twig`
- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/table.html.twig`
- `@ibexadesign/ui/component/tab/tabs.html.twig`

To use the components, [`embed`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/tags/embed.html) them in templates.
With `embed` you can override blocks that are defined inside the included template.

## Alerts

The alert component has the following properties:

- `type` - available types of alert: error, info, success and warning

> - `icon` - name of the icon, which will be taken from the default icon set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `icon` - name of the icon, taken from the default icon set
```
